
Hi Vince,

Sorry that we couldn&apos;t meet in Houston.  Hope your Philadelphia trip was
fruitful and you didn&apos;t suffer from weather related flight delays on your
way back to Houston.  Your phone message stated that you may be coming to NY
in Jan. 2001.  That&apos;s great &amp; we should definitely plan to see each other in
NY, unless I come to Houston first.  I&apos;d, however, appreciate a brief chat
today and pls call me if you schedule permits.

I&apos;ll be heading out to London tomorrow (mainly for the holidays) and won&apos;t
be back to the office until Thurs. 1/4, however, I&apos;ll be checking my phone-
and e-mail occasionally during the trip.

your tel. # , and I can call you from London.

Have a great and a very happy holiday season.

Best regards,

Soussan,
914 253 4187 (work)
203 966 7123 (home)

 -----Original Message-----


Soussan,

It seems we have planned for all contingencies.
Look forward to meeting you next week.

Vince








Vince,

Your suggested arrangement is perfect with me and I love both Italian or
Steak... the choice is yours.  I really look forward to our meeting &amp; I
will
cell-phone...as a contingency, and just in case you needed to call me, it&apos;s

Soussan
914 253 4187

 -----Original Message-----


Soussan,

There are several nice restaurants within a walking distance to the
Galleria.
I shall make a reservation (is Italian or a steakhouse OK?).

You can reach me on Thursday at my cell phone 713 410 5396.

Look forward to meeting you.

Vince








Great!  I look forward to our dinner on Thurs. 12/7 evening.  Hopefully
your
flight will be on time... although having watched 60 minutes last night and
suffered from a # of delays lately, let&apos;s hope that the &quot;weather blame&quot;
on Thurs., 914 253 4187, ... I can easily check it in Houston.

that I can book (&amp; for what time)??  Coming over to down town won&apos;t be a
problem for me either.

Will be great to see you again.
Soussan
914 253 4187

 -----Original Message-----


Soussan,

Thanks for your message. It would be great to meet you when you come to
Houston.
 I shall be in town on December 7,  flying back from Philly in the morning.
Assuming that the flight is on schedule, I shall be available for dinner.
Please, let me know how I can contact you on Thursday, December the 7th,
to confirm.

Look forward to meeting you.

Vince









Dear Vince,

Greetings from NY and hope that all is well and you had a great
Thanksgiving.  I&apos;ll be coming to Houston for 12/6-12/7 and hope you are
available either evening for dinner.  Would be great to see you again and
catch up with the latest... I really enjoyed my visit last April, your
insights, and the risk book you gave me.

I do hope you&apos;re available to meet and pls let me know which evening suits
you better.

Best,
Soussan Faiz
Texaco Inc.
