
See, below, from Marc Cohen.

                    Marc Cohen
                                         Orders





As many of you know, Judge Montali entered orders on July 11, 2001
respecting Pg&amp;E&apos;s Rule 2004 requests made to CALISO and CALPX. I have not
yet received copies of the entered orders. Nonetheless, his orders provide
that Market Participants, through their outside counsel, may request copies
of the ISO and PX production, following procedures set forth in the orders.
     -- a  Market Participant who desires to have its outside counsel
receive a copy of the ISO document production must submit a request that is
received by ISO&apos;s counsel, David Neale, of Levene, Neale, Bender, Rankin &amp;
Brill, LLP, 1801 Avenue of the Stars, suite 1120, LA, CA 90067, no later
than July 18, 2001. Copies of the requests must be served upon bankruptcy
counsel for PG&amp;E, the PX, and the PX Committee. The requesting Market
Participant shall bear the costs of duplication and shipment of the ISO
Document Production. The request must also be accompanied by a
certification from outside counsel stating that the outside counsel agrees
to be bound by the terms of the Order, directing that shipment be made by
overnight courier to the address of the outside counsel, agreeing to pay
for the costs of duplication and shipment on behalf of the Market
Participant and providing a client billing number for invoicing purposes.
     --a Market Participant who desires to have its outside counsel receive
a copy of the PX Document Production follows a similar procedure, except
that the counsel for the PX is Dan Sedor of Jeffer, Mangels, Butler &amp;
Marmaro LLP, 2121 Avenue of the Stars, 10th floor, Los Angeles Ca 90067, no
later than July 25, 2001. Service must be made additionally upon the ISO
bankruptcy counsel.
     If you need a copy of the orders and/or the ceritications, please
entered orders but I do have the latest versions which were submitted to
the Court.
     Finally, if the deadlines are missed, one of the orders do provide
that upon request by a Market Participant, the Custodian (as that term is
defined in the orders) for the PX Committee may disclose the produced
information to Outside Professionals (as that term is defined in the
orders).

Marc Cohen
310 788 1223
fax 310 229 1823
