
February 15.  This is necessary in order to meet the Payroll deadline of 
exporting time to ETA (the Corporate payroll system), which is NOON on 
Tuesday deadline will automatically be approved by the Energy Operations 
Timesheet Coordinator.

FYI - For the payroll period ending 1/31, there was only 1 timesheet 
outstanding at the established deadline.  In the past, there have been as 
many as 100 (which represents a little more than 25% of the Energy Operations 
headcount).  Thanks for your help and support.  I know that the Assistants 
all appreciate your help in meeting this deadline.

A lot of you may not be affected by Project Hurricane.  If you don&apos;t know 
anything about it, then you probably aren&apos;t affected by it!  In any event, we 
have set up 2 new E-work orders in the Org Database for Project Hurricane.  

E-HURR (should be used to capture all time spent on the ongoing support for 
Project Hurricane)
E-HSET (should be used to capture all set-up costs)

Both of these work orders are set up and can be used for the 2/15 pay 
period.  However, the following steps must be taken for your employees to use 

MANAGERS - Identify employees within your RC that will need to charge time to 
either or both of these work orders.  Please let your Assistants know who 
these employees are.
ASSISTANTS - Based on the information you receive from your managers, you 
must add 1 or both of the work orders to each employee&apos;s profile in the Org 
Database so that they are able to charge time to the work order in ATES.
ASSISTANTS - For each Time Site you are responsible for, you must be sure to 
add this information to ETA.  If you aren&apos;t sure how to handle this, please 
contact Kim Perkins ASAP at x3-5304.

Thank you in advance for your cooperation in getting timesheets processed in 
a timely manner.  Please be sure to share this information with your staff if 
you haven&apos;t already done so.  If you have any questions on the timesheets or 
the work orders, please contact me at x3-6343.

