
Sally and Brent,
I had noted last week that we were having alot of processing problems with 
SAP and other new processes/set-ups.   I have gotten a commitment from Janet 
Tran and Rena D&apos;Souza who works with Janet on the SAP team to work with us to 
resolve our issues.  
Below is a list of items which Laurel has reviewed with Rena.
Sheila
AM ---------------------------


Laurel Adams

This is the list of items we are focusing on, along with the names of the 
people working on a specific problem.  I will keep you posted on where we 
stand on these items.  Ana is aware of everything, and she should be able to 
answer any questions related to these items when I am out.  Thanks. 
PM ---------------------------


Laurel Adams

Ladies,

To the best of my knowledge, this is the list of items and next steps we 

1)  ZICI--if errors are made in entry, you must exit and rebook to create a 
2-sided entry.  Diana McLaughlin to review.

2)  ZICI--Prepays on intercompany foreign invoices.  Laurel to contact Pamela 
Lebrane and establish a game plan.

3)  ZICR--report to identify items to be reallocated by trading partner.  Ana 
to create--Rena/Diana to assist if necessary.

contact Brian Silver and Lisa Raye

5)  EURO account--items sent back from the bank and posted in USD 
equivalents.  Treasury has been notified and is researching.  Laurel &amp; 
Phyllis to follow up.

6)  &quot;Not to be posted&quot; cash.  This causes problems with Cash Application, and 
receivables.  Phyllis/Rena to follow up with Brian Silver &amp; Lori Scott

7)  Autoclear Inflo account--Rena to talk with Becky Ford about putting this 
on as a scheduled overnight job.

8)  Outflow account--Laurel, Cynthia, and Phyllis to continue researching 
outstanding items.  

9)  Yen--Brian Silver &amp; Lori Scott.  Need a solution quickly, as JPY activity 
is increasing--we just had a trader move over to Japan.  

I THINK I covered everything we talked about.   Please feel free to correct 
