
FYI.
---------------------- Forwarded by Brenda F Herod/HOU/ECT on 05/31/2000 


Heather Choate


Effective immediately the following organizational changes will take effect 
within the Energy Operations, Gas Operations team. 

Kathy Kelly will assume the role of Manager of the off-system Volume 
Management team. Kathy will be responsible for the day to day management and 
development of the Volume Management team and will also lead the effort to 
reconcile historical imbalance and accounting issues. Kathy&apos;s Logistics 
experience and strong knowledge of both the upstream and downstream processes 
will help to develop a more cohesive and responsive Energy Operations team. 
Kathy will report directly to Susan Harrison, Director Gas Operations. 

Victor LaMadrid will be promoted to the Northeast Logistics Manager and will 
handle the day to day trading interface role as well as the day to day 
management and development of the Northeast Logistics team. Victor&apos;s 
extensive knowledge of many Northeast pipes coupled with his asset management 
roles and his experience as Northeast lead will help strengthen the Northeast 
team. Victor will report directly to Bob Superty, Director Gas Logistics and 
will work closely with both East Desk Directors, Dick Jenkins and Scott Neal, 
on staffing and desk management issues. 

Beverly Beaty will assume the role of Northeast lead and will be assisting 
Victor with the day to day management of the Northeast team. Beverly has 
recently served as Transco lead and has also been involved in asset 
transactions on the East desk.  Beverly brings many years of experience to 
her new role.

In addition to the above, in an effort to balance out the overall management 
responsibilities on the East Gas Desk, the Tennessee and Columbia Gulf 
scheduling team along with Steve Gillespie will now report to the Southeast 
Manager Ed Terry. 

Please join us in congratulating Kathy, Victor and Beverly in their new roles.



