
FYI.
---------------------- Forwarded by Brenda F Herod/HOU/ECT on 01/20/2000 
   
                        	
	Enron Technology
	
	


Here is a quick status and list of to do&apos;s related to setting up the new J.V. 
between Enron &amp; Texaco which will be combining the LRC and Bridgeline 

name of Bridgeline LLC.  Ownership in the JV will be split 60% Texaco &amp; 40% 
Enron.  Bridgeline Gas Marketing LLC will be the entity that will be trading 
on the pipelines under the new J.V.  Contracts and Service  Agreements are in 
the process of being drafted.  

Enron will be providing the Trading and Commercial Operations systems to 
support this J.V.  Texaco will be providing the Scada system.  I understand 
that Accounting is still being discussed.  The Trading, Risk, &amp; perhaps 
Scheduling personnel for this JV will be initially relocated to the 21st 
floor of the Enron Building and will eventually move to probably the 3 Allen 
Center once a more permanent spot can be built out.  Trading for the new JV 
will start in early February for March Production.


transition and ongoing costs.  Texaco is also trying to set up a meeting next 
Monday to step through the accounting flow so that we are all on the same 
page and make sure there is nothing that will fall through the cracks.

request.  I will need the work order numbers to track these costs.

voice and data networks are in place for EB 21.  Once the more permanent spot 
is nailed down we will then need to do the same for that location.   A 
combination of Trader phones, Lucent Phones, Stenfons and Amtels have been 
requested.

facilities to find out what locations on 21 will be assigned to the new JV.  
Currently half of the floor is empty but they are set up with high wall 
cubes.  There may need to be some build out for the traders to low wall 
cubes.  We can&apos;t set up the PC&apos;s, phones, Amtels, etc until this is done.

meter/facility information we will need to set up in our systems to begin 
trading for March production.  It may be possible to get an electronic dump 
of this data from Texaco if Enron defines the data fields that we will need.  
We also need to set up the trading entities and portfolios.  I will also need 
to know who will need to have access to this data so that we can set up the 
system security.  I have received the names of the traders but I don&apos;t know 
who else will need access.

Interface between Enron&apos;s Unify POP&apos;s application and Bridgeline&apos;s Scada 
from Texaco to begin the process of defining the interface between the two 
applications and estimate the time to build and implement the interface.  
There will also need to be a transition plan put in place where LRC&apos;s 
RTU&apos;s/EFM is redirected to the Bridgeline Scada system.  In the meantime 
there will be two Scada systems and perhaps two Gas Controls until everything 
is merged into one.  This will probably mean some manual interfaces between 
POP&apos;s and Scada for Confirmed noms and EFM volumes until the transition is 
complete.

Enron&apos;s Scada system via leased lines.  Bridgelines RTU&apos;s communicate back to 
them via a microwave system.  The new JV could save on communications costs 
by switching LRC&apos;s RTU communication to the microwave.  Perhaps this is best 
done as a part of the Scada transition.

better defined.  I will follow up with John LeDoux from Texaco to get this 
process started.

billed on an hourly basis depending on the amount of swing.  We need to talk 
through this process to see what enhancements may be needed.  At least 
initially there will need to be some manual processes in place to support the 
billing for this one customer.

Please let me know if you&apos;d like to meet on any of these topics.  I can have 
my assistant set up the meeting if needed.  In the mean time I can be reached 
