

In addition to the documents you forwarded from Sharon Sullo, I have obtained 

1. Internal Memo from Lynn Bellinghausen to Wynne Snoots and Marshall Eubank 

2. Internal Memo from Marshall Eubank, Don Rollins and Becky Caudle to John 

3. Internal Memo from Lynn Bellinghausen to Wynne Snoots and Marshall Eubank 
Inc.;

4. Internal Memo from Christine Granda and Don Rollins to Wynne Snoots and 
Companies;

5. Internal Memo from Rick Carson and Sharon Erwin to Wynne Snoots and 

6. Internal Memo from Sonya Gasdia to Wynne Snoots and Marshall Eubank dated 

7. Internal Memo from Don Rollins and Sharon Erwin to Marshall Eubank and 

8. FitchIBCA Power Point Presentation dated May 5, 2000 -- marked 
CONFIDENTIAL;

9. FitchIBCA Power Point Presentation dated July 24, 2000 -- marked 
CONFIDENTIAL;

10. Excel spreadsheet entitled Updated Values dated as of July 11, 2000

11. Word document entitled Asset Update Final, undated.

Additionally, I received two bound presentations from Stephanie which she 
tells me were (1) marketing material that went to potential investors and (2) 
tear sheet book that went to the rating agencies.

I have placed a call to Deb Korkmas to obtain the closing documents you 
referenced in your e-mail and I left a voice mail for you regarding the 
documents you indicated you had.

Would you like to review any or all of the above documents before I forward 
them to our outside counsel?  If not, I will forward these documents to John 
Frizzell today.  Please let me know your preference.

Linda




	Travis McCullough
		 

Linda -- per my e-mail, here is what the due diligence team prepared on Kafus 
deals.

Travis McCullough
Enron North America Corp.
1400 Smith Street EB 3817
Houston Texas 77002

	Sharon E Sullo
		 

Hi Travis,

Rick asked me to send you our Kafus memos.  I am not sure the scope of what 
you are looking for, so if you need more information, please let us know.  We 
have compiled quite a bit of information on this deal, including formal 
memos, summaries of employment and consulting agreements and summaries of the 
company.  I will send you all three, but please realize that only the formal 
memos are finalized, as I will note below.  Please let me know if I can help 
further.

Thanks,

Sharon Sullo
x31946



The following are summaries of agreements (we have copies of these agreements 


The following are summaries of Kafus Companies that we focused on.  These are 
incomplete.  Several items are open because we were put on hold on this due 
