
Larry,

The ENA Accounting groups have had wires for our NYMEX and OTC margin calls 
sent back due to improper signatures.  The timely flow of these monies is a 
vital component to our trading organization.  I believe that these two items 
fall under category &quot;B&quot; of the policy memo that was distributed (see email 
below) and therefore should only require the signature of an Accounting 
Director.

(B)  Those that ARE approved by an underlying contract or RAC require an 
Accounting Director approval of the payment  and general ledger coding.

We have a contractual obligation to our brokers and OTC counterparties to 
provide margin according to the guidelines set forth in our agreements with 
them.  These margin calls / returns of margin are monitored and amounts 
signed off on by the RAC Credit Group (Bill Bradford&apos;s area).   Backup from 
the Credit group should  be and is included with each wire.

I would appreciate your consideration of the above arguments to facilitate 
the movement of these monies on a go-forward basis.  I will call you tomorrow 
to discuss the possibility of having this change in effect for Monday Dec. 
11.  Thank you.

        Greg x35399

---------------------- Forwarded by Greg Whiting/Corp/Enron on 12/06/2000 
   
	
	


	
	
	




---------------------- Forwarded by Larry Dallman/GPGFIN/Enron on 11/07/2000 

Richard Causey



As mentioned in my previous memo regarding Cash Control Standards, approval 
authorizations are critical to our cash control environment.  Corporate 
Accounts Payable is actively pursuing a &quot;Workflow&quot; system to route invoice 
images for approval and processing.  This workflow solution will not be 
implemented until early 2001.  In the interim, an approval process will be 
implemented by AP and Treasury to ensure invoices have proper approvals and 
correct general ledger coding.  Effective Monday, November 20 the following 
approval authorizations will be required for all invoices, payment requests 

(A)  Those NOT approved by an underlying contract or RAC require two 
Director approval of the general ledger coding.  

(B)  Those that ARE approved by an underlying contract or RAC require an 
Accounting Director approval of the payment  and general ledger coding.

In both examples above, supporting documentation must be attached.  If not 
attached, then the payment will not be processed.

To assist us with implementing this approval process, I&apos;m requesting each of 
you to accumulate signatures of the Managing Directors and Accounting 
Directors in your business unit using the attached form.  Please forward this 
information to Larry Dallman (JFR568) by Friday, November 10th.

This new process becomes effective Monday, November 20th.  It important to 
provide this information or payments greater than $1,000,000 will not be 
